Welcome to the first video
while the disco is still it is now
just an hour around and it will be
much announced the word is one knew
says yes but accuse a lot
epic staging the desire for more
and it is already world of warcraft
warlords of prey only is official
revealed confirmed and you have too
cinematic what not really what and
ingame how do you say the ingame thing to him
games internet ingame graphics rams
seen that many many points, so to speak
has addressed what will be new
but I go first to the others
things all harfst will open beta
Start next month is too
officially announced that means everyone
the so far still no closed beta
did not get access to the cinema format
I rather had bad luck and I think so
that were some may from next
month the open beta was enjoy
confirmed and then heroes of the storm
was also still visible
Again, the cinematic of the actual
cinemaxx cinemagic the extremely brilliant
Of course , pisa was typical only
if most know and also ingame
scenes and yes to ingame scenes
i say it's reminiscent of warcraft 3
definitely the artwork it could be in
warcraft 4 are naturally sees it
better still not powerful pure
really old school moderately anyway
it has the comic style of
warcraft 4 maybe who knows or
We just wanted to know each other in front of our strength
we all love them or most of them
love and she also knows that there will be
so also in the grande come see
extremely awesome because of everything because
There are extremely many heroes out of all
There are many industry titles and I am there too
looking forward bent on it
has also been officially confirmed
that the beta's are open ups
for heroes of the storm
ie you can you up for the beta
register and hope that you get
just software wow addon overrides yes how
said a real dementi gave you
seen there was not really
as much information as you look at yourself
would have liked and this information
this gave it was relatively fast so
I have mine
Sun realized what I have noticed me there
One has for example seen that it
nine
that's new models for the breeds were
but only for dwarves and orks that
only thing you have seen
for the others for the other peoples
you did not see anything and brokers could
also not really exclude that
the others were also edited so
there remains a carved hope that
it also applies to the others too
other classes and applies
There are various things you can do
you have various things to do with your trainer
I could not see yet
all keep as I said the next
Tag if I again videos on Mars
bring to the individual to the
single points from addon and drive
give it back exactly there
new battle battlefields or
to fight me the most
has already taken care of that in advance
almost the last lettering a boost too
90 so a bus to level to level 90 what
so a bit of a split in me
triggers but okay there is anyway
already has 95 characters is
irrelevant and in this sense see
we'll be even more at the weekend
still measurable and surrounding the videos
the other pisa titles come with everyone
an info